===========================================================================
         Pthreads-Win32 (http://sourceware.org/pthreads-win32/)
===========================================================================

This file is Copyrighted
------------------------

    This file is covered under the following Copyright:

	Copyright (C) 2001,2006 Ross P. Johnson
	All rights reserved.

	Everyone is permitted to copy and distribute verbatim copies
	of this license document, but changing it is not allowed.

Pthreads-win32 is covered by the GNU Lesser General Public License
------------------------------------------------------------------

    Pthreads-win32 is open software; you can redistribute it and/or
    modify it under the terms of the GNU Lesser General Public License
    as published by the Free Software Foundation version 2.1 of the
    License.

    Pthreads-win32 is several binary link libraries, several modules,
    associated interface definition files and scripts used to control
    its compilation and installation.

    Pthreads-win32 is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
    but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
    MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
    GNU Lesser General Public License for more details.

    A copy of the GNU Lesser General Public License is distributed with
    pthreads-win32 under the filename:

	    COPYING.LIB

    You should have received a copy of the version 2.1 GNU Lesser General
    Public License with pthreads-win32; if not, write to:

	    Free Software Foundation, Inc.
	    59 Temple Place
	    Suite 330
	    Boston, MA	02111-1307
	    USA

    The contact addresses for pthreads-win32 is as follows:

        Web:	http://sources.redhat.com/pthreads-win32
        Email:  Ross Johnson
                Please use: Firstname.Lastname@homemail.com.au



Pthreads-win32 copyrights and exception files
---------------------------------------------

    With the exception of the files listed below, Pthreads-win32
    is covered under the following GNU Lesser General Public License
    Copyrights:

	Pthreads-win32 - POSIX Threads Library for Win32
	Copyright(C) 1998 John E. Bossom
	Copyright(C) 1999,2006 Pthreads-win32 contributors

	The current list of contributors is contained
        in the file CONTRIBUTORS included with the source
	code distribution. The current list of CONTRIBUTORS
	can also be seen at the following WWW location:
        http://sources.redhat.com/pthreads-win32/contributors.html

    Contact Email: Ross Johnson
                   Please use: Firstname.Lastname@homemail.com.au

    These files are not covered under one of the Copyrights listed above:

            COPYING
	    COPYING.LIB
            tests/rwlock7.c

    This file, COPYING, is distributed under the Copyright found at the
    top of this file.  It is important to note that you may distribute
    verbatim copies of this file but you may not modify this file.

    The file COPYING.LIB, which contains a copy of the version 2.1
    GNU Lesser General Public License, is itself copyrighted by the
    Free Software Foundation, Inc.  Please note that the Free Software
    Foundation, Inc. does NOT have a copyright over Pthreads-win32,
    only the COPYING.LIB that is supplied with pthreads-win32.

    The file tests/rwlock7.c is derived from code written by
    Dave Butenhof for his book 'Programming With POSIX(R) Threads'.
    The original code was obtained by free download from his website
    http://home.earthlink.net/~anneart/family/Threads/source.html
    and did not contain a copyright or author notice. It is assumed to
    be freely distributable.

    In all cases one may use and distribute these exception files freely.
    And because one may freely distribute the LGPL covered files, the
    entire pthreads-win32 source may be freely used and distributed.


===========================================================================
    lockfree (http://tim.klingt.org/git?p=boost_lockfree.git;a=tree)
===========================================================================

Boost Software License - Version 1.0 - August 17th, 2003

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person or organization
obtaining a copy of the software and accompanying documentation covered by
this license (the "Software") to use, reproduce, display, distribute,
execute, and transmit the Software, and to prepare derivative works of the
Software, and to permit third-parties to whom the Software is furnished to
do so, all subject to the following:

The copyright notices in the Software and this entire statement, including
the above license grant, this restriction and the following disclaimer,
must be included in all copies of the Software, in whole or in part, and
all derivative works of the Software, unless such copies or derivative
works are solely in the form of machine-executable object code generated by
a source language processor.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, TITLE AND NON-INFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT
SHALL THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS OR ANYONE DISTRIBUTING THE SOFTWARE BE LIABLE
FOR ANY DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE,
ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER
DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.
